Mention xk6-output-template (#620)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/07 extensions/01 Guides/03 develop.md

Output extensions are written similarly to JavaScript extensions, but have a
different API and performance considerations.

> There is a [template repository](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-output-template) for output extensions with very basic implementation.

Reviewer: To fix the linter error?

```suggestion
You can use [this template repository](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-output-template) for output extensions with very basic implementation as a starting point.
```
